GENERAL:

C bindings for beagle's dbus interface.  This will be helpful for
  integrating with existing apps.

BROWSERS:

Extend plug-in to index Foaf metadata embedded in web pages.

Callout on file download/save as/etc (so we can index it immediately)

Firefox support?


EVOLUTION:

Foaf backend for e-d-s.

Ability to pop open a contact editor from an identifier on the evo command line.

Ability to search evolution calendar.

Ability to pop up a calendar appointment from the evo commandline.


FILE CHOOSER:

Figure out why the current hack doesn't work in gedit w/ 'all files'.

Put the entry directly in the chooser dialog.

In the case of GTK_FILE_CHOOSER_ACTION_SAVE, callout w/ info on the saved filename.


FOAF:

Foaf crawling to maintain an up-to-date local cache of your social network.


NAUTILUS:

Emblem searching.

Have nautilus track information on how often a folder/file is clicked on in nautilus.
(That info would be really useful for determining relevancy.  It could also be used to
optimize crawling.)

We could use nautilus to optimize reindexing --- it would be nice if we could get
nautilus to callout to a script when:
* entering/leaving a folder
* someone uses 'Create Document' to create a document
* noticing files have appeared or changed
* moving a file
* renaming a file


GTKHTML:

Fix vertical sizing in nested tables.

Wrap the widget embedding API for gtkhtml#.

Fix iframe layout/sizing.


PICTURES:

Index f-spot metadata.

Do the right thing with EXIF data.


MUSIC:

Write a rhythmbox backend that uses beagle instead of its own db --- so you don't
need to tell rb where you keep your mp3s, they just magically appear.  (There might be performance problems that would keep this from working well.)

Use gst# to extract id3 tags and other metadata.  (The current filter is a crude hack.)

Muine backend.


RED CARPET:

Have beagle query rcd to search rc channels.


HARDWARE:

Hardware querying: search against device names, return device info in the hits.


DASHBOARD:

Make Dashboard use beagle's tiles.

Make dashboard focus issues work.


RECENTLY USED ITEMS:

The recently-used items format allows for arbitrary Uris.
It would be able to have recently viewed web pages, recently
communicated-with people, etc. in there.  Maybe we could
pack little mini-tiles into the menu?  (Idea from Tom
Von Schwerdtner (tvon) in #dashboard.)


NON-CODING:

Get the artists to make us a cool logo.

Make www.gnome.org/projects/beagle look pretty.

T-shirts!

Packages in a RC channel, both for Beagle and for instrumented apps.  We
need a way to get the nice integration features into people's hands w/o
requiring them to patch and recompile gtk+, nautilus, etc.



